TFKUBE-160: Bamboo agents (#92)
atlassian-labs/data-center-terraform: docs/docs/userguide/CONFIGURATION.md

db_iops = 1000
```

### Number of Bamboo agents
`number_of_bamboo_agents` sets the number of remote agents to be launched. 

```terraform
number_of_bamboo_agents = 50
```

> * Note: This number should not be greater than the value of Edition in the issued license. 

Reviewer: I think `Edition` is an internal concept, this should be something along the lines:

```suggestion
* Note: This number should not be greater than the number of allowed remote agents in your license.
```
<img width="662" alt="Screen Shot 2021-12-21 at 4 15 29 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/416238/146875293-28169c41-309b-47d5-b088-13950c2f1ccc.png">

>   Any exceeded number of agents won't be able to join. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Any agents exceeding the allowed number won't be able to join.
```
